[Music]
Barbara Barbara Barr why Angela cougar
legume ba Chi lobachev overture well um
our Bambino go despise sugar bear I
can't hide in survivorship are virgins
why so glum Nestle oh it's that sugar
bear he never pays any attention to me
at all
well maybe he would if I used my magic
to make you a new party dress
bring it e Raggedy wrong make Leslie a
new party girl beautiful granny I feel
like a real princess well but making
good magic again eh
you know I want evil magic
look what he's done to my beautiful
dress shame on you when sugar bear hears
about this you'll be sorry
wow what can sugar bear two against my
magic I'll turn him into glue and make
you an inch tall oh dear I'm so little I
can't even lift my magic oh nothing
[Music]
like the way my clock ticks well at
12:22 you'll be crocodiles to me Jafar
achieve average if I win Japan vomits oh
hi there baby
did I just hear someone calling for help
or demand a lowly is deceived
I don't hear anything but this Jazz Band
[Music]
awful nice of Merman to magic up this
swing sound hold on something's fishy
that's our first Mervyn hates music shut
off this Jazz Fest opee I do believe
that's Leslie bear calling be heaven
hold on kid
old sugar bear will be right there I
believe gasps yes
yeah
[Applause]
[Music]
they big huh I think you got a
screwdriver 40
oh man by my big good made me one inch
tall I can't even lift my magic wand hey
dragon Sparrow sugar just about enough
of your meddling for one day flea bag
well maybe I think we've just bad had
enough of your
one day to her granny looks like old
Mervin will be fried up for a time ho ho
ho maybe even plant has caught Denny
kangaroo help his top-heavy tire stop at
your blue and Abner you better think
fast huh I got it be back a minute I'll
be your king you recognize this sneezing
powder do the whole change I did is that
your plan Oh
[Music]
you